########## R1
enable
configure terminal
vlan 16
name Ventas
exit
vlan 26
name Distribucion
exit
vlan 36
name Administracion
exit
vlan 46
name Servidores
exit
exit

enable
configure terminal
vtp mode server
vtp domain g6
vtp password g6
exit
show vtp status
copy running-config startup-config




########## S0
enable
configure terminal
vlan 16
name Ventas
exit
vlan 26
name Distribucion
exit
vlan 36
name Administracion
exit
vlan 46
name Servidores
exit
exit

configure terminal
interface F0/10
switchport access vlan 16
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
exit
interface F0/11
switchport access vlan 26
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
exit
exit

### VTP
configure terminal
vtp mode client
vtp domain g6
vtp password g6
exit
show vtp status
copy running-config startup-config

########## S1
enable
configure terminal
vlan 16
name Ventas
exit
vlan 26
name Distribucion
exit
vlan 36
name Administracion
exit
vlan 46
name Servidores
exit
exit

### VTP
configure terminal
vtp mode client
vtp domain g6
vtp password g6
exit
show vtp status
copy running-config startup-config

########## S2
enable
configure terminal
vlan 16
name Ventas
exit
vlan 26
name Distribucion
exit
vlan 36
name Administracion
exit
vlan 46
name Servidores
exit
exit

configure terminal
interface F0/10
switchport access vlan 36
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
exit
interface F0/11
switchport access vlan 26
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
exit
exit

### VTP
configure terminal
vtp mode client
vtp domain g6
vtp password g6
exit
show vtp status
copy running-config startup-config

########## S3
enable
configure terminal
vlan 16
name Ventas
exit
vlan 26
name Distribucion
exit
vlan 36
name Administracion
exit
vlan 46
name Servidores
exit
exit

configure terminal
interface F0/10
switchport access vlan 46
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
exit
interface F0/11
switchport access vlan 16
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
exit
exit

### VTP
configure terminal
vtp mode client
vtp domain g6
vtp password g6
exit
show vtp status
copy running-config startup-config

########## S4
enable
configure terminal
vlan 16
name Ventas
exit
vlan 26
name Distribucion
exit
vlan 36
name Administracion
exit
vlan 46
name Servidores
exit
exit

### VTP
configure terminal
vtp mode client
vtp domain g6
vtp password g6
exit
show vtp status
copy running-config startup-config

########## S5
enable
configure terminal
vlan 16
name Ventas
exit
vlan 26
name Distribucion
exit
vlan 36
name Administracion
exit
vlan 46
name Servidores
exit
exit

configure terminal
interface F0/10
switchport access vlan 46
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
exit
interface F0/11
switchport access vlan 16
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
exit
exit

### VTP
configure terminal
vtp mode client
vtp domain g6
vtp password g6
exit
show vtp status
copy running-config startup-config