-----------------------CONFIGURACION ETHERNET CHANNEL ---------------------------

----------------LACP--------------------

// Po0: ENTRE S0 Y S1

<<S0>>
enable
conf t
int fa 0/3
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group Po0 mode active
exit
int fa 0/5
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group Po0 mode active
exit

<<S1>>
enable
conf t
int fa 0/3
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 1 mode active
exit
int fa 0/5
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 1 mode active
exit

// Po1: ENTRE S1 Y S2

<<S1>>
enable
conf t
int fa 0/2
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 2 mode active
exit
int fa 0/4
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 2 mode active
exit

<<S2>>
enable
conf t
int fa 0/2
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 2 mode active
exit
int fa 0/4
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 2 mode active
exit

// Po2: ENTRE S0 Y S4

<<S0>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/8-9
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 3 mode active
exit

<<S4>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/8-9
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 3 mode active
exit

// Po3: ENTRE S2 Y S4

<<S2>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/18-19
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 4 mode active
exit

<<S4>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/18-19
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 4 mode active
exit

// Po4: ENTRE S1 Y S4

<<S1>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/6-7
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 5 mode active
exit

<<S4>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/6-7
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 5 mode active
exit

//Mostrar CONFIGURACION
show etherchannel
show etherchannel summary

----------------PAGP--------------------

// Po0: ENTRE S0 Y S1

<<S0>>
enable
conf t
int fa 0/3
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 1 mode desirable
exit
int fa 0/5
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 1 mode desirable
exit

<<S1>>
enable
conf t
int fa 0/3
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 1 mode desirable
exit
int fa 0/5
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 1 mode desirable
exit

// Po1: ENTRE S1 Y S2

<<S1>>
enable
conf t
int fa 0/2
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 2 mode desirable
exit
int fa 0/4
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 2 mode desirable
exit

<<S2>>
enable
conf t
int fa 0/2
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 2 mode desirable
exit
int fa 0/4
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 2 mode desirable
exit

// Po2: ENTRE S0 Y S4

<<S0>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/8-9
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 3 mode desirable
exit

<<S4>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/8-9
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 3 mode desirable
exit

// Po3: ENTRE S2 Y S4

<<S2>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/18-19
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 4 mode desirable
exit

<<S4>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/18-19
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 4 mode desirable
exit

// Po4: ENTRE S1 Y S4

<<S1>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/6-7
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 5 mode desirable
exit

<<S4>>
enable
conf t
int range fa 0/6-7
channel-protocol pagp
channel-group 5 mode desirable
exit

//Mostrar CONFIGURACION
show etherchannel
show etherchannel summary


-----------------------CONFIGURACION STP ---------------------------

-------------------PVST-----------------------

enable
conf t
spanning-tree mode pvst
exit

show spanning-tree
exit

----------------Rapid PVST--------------------

enable
conf t
spanning-tree mode rapid-pvst
exit

show spanning-tree
exit